# Empathy Mapping
## Think & Feel?
### Initial Input
- I care about my familial history
	- I want to learn about where I came from

- ~~However, I want the imediacy of the information...Don't need a life story~~

### Interview with Cassie
- Willing to learn about family, by asking Grandmother (father's side) living in Australia.

- Even when Cassie was younger she would ask about familial stories.

## Hear?
### Initial Input
- The Story / The Music
	- The voice of the storyteller

- The ambiant sound of the space

### Interview with Cassie
- Listen to her Grandmother speak...

- When with Grandmother (from mother's side), music was used to tell stories, or just played in the background...

## Say & Do?
### Initial Input
- Asking Questions

- Asking for more *details*
	- Wanting more *details*

### Interview with Cassie
- Would always ask questions.

- Also, enjoy those moments of silence
	- When in the same room as her grandmother...


## See?
### Initial Input
- Lots of photos

- Homevideos
	- VHS/DVD/Reel-to-Reel (16mm)

- Home of storyteller
	- Which can be viewed as a museum with artifacts from the past

- Computer screens populated with images and video

- Only drawback, it can be unorganized, cluttered
	- Out-dated formats...

### Interview with Cassie
- When she visits, always have this conversation in her Grandmother's kitchen
	- Food is always involved
		- Finger food / Bread / Russian Salad

- Many pictures involved
	- Grandmother made a book in regards to family history
	- Look through many boxes of photos.

- Only with her immediate family, rewatch home movies.
	- Cassie's younger sister would watch those movies after school when she was still in grade school.
	- Would rewatch homevideos during family gathering.

- Cassie would communicate with her Grandmother via Facetime as well...

- Also, one occassion, her grandmother sent a letter about the story of her family's escape during WW2 as part of a school project when younger.
	- Cassie stated that if her Grandmother hadn't written the letter, she believed she wouldn't have stomached the story if told in person.
		- Too emotional and sad.
	- Cassie still has that letter to this day.
		- Said if it were a digital replica, wouldn't have the same *aura*. Be good to archive but not the same *aura*.

- Her father would write emails with stories of his past...

## Pain
### Initial Input
- ~~They Don't Make Them Like They~~ We're not made like we're Used To
	- Short attention span
		- Possibly apathetic

- When the storyteller is gone, we won't have the chance to ask questions.
	- Living with a burning question without anyone answer that question

### Interview with Cassie
- Not asking will lead to more questions and wonder...
	- Cassie experienced this when she lost her Aunt, who didn't speak English well, and was only able to communicate via broken French.


## Gain
### Initial Input
- Insight on a familial story

- Story will remain in our memory bank

### Interview with Cassie
- Finds out where she came from

- WW2 survival stories...
	- Leaving their past lives and artifacts behind in order to escape War-Torn Hunguary.

- When Cassie was applying for her EU passport, she needed to get a lot of information to prove the family lineage was Hunguary.
	- Lots of questions asked with lots of revelation as the outcome result.



### Additional Interview Notes:
- Cassie uses Instagram
	- Used only logging events and tracking memories
